# ng2-boilerplate

An opinionated, experimental Angular 2 / Webpack boilerplate with tree-shaking.

Current feature-set out of the box is:
* Angular 2 + Typscript set up.
* Code style issues reported via TSLint, also using Codelyzer.
* Unit testing + code coverage with Karma, Jasmine, and Istanbul. 
    * Code coverage reports show the TypeScript source (almost, unfortunately transformations from 
    the `angular2-template-loader` and `angular2-router-loader` are shown, as the sourcemap is 
    generated by the `awesome-typescript-loader` which is applied later).
* Generates an `index.html` file with stylesheets and scripts in.
* Copies the `src/favicon.ico` and `src/public/` folder over to the `dist/` folder as-is.
* Support for both CSS and SCSS, with consistent, predictable behaviour.
    * Assets within the `src/assets/` (e.g. images) may be referenced in CSS and SCSS files using
    relative paths from the CSS or SCSS file. These URLs should then be resolved, and the assets 
    should automatically be copied over to the `dist/` folder.
    * CSS or SCSS that is not for components will be built do a separate file in `dist/css/`.
* Support for `styleUrls` and `templateUrls` without using `require`, or `.toString()` etc.
* Support for Angular 2's lazy loading functionality.
* Separate production build tasks:
    * Minified output
    * Tree-shaken output
    * Static build environment specific configuration (e.g. to call `enableProdMode()`)

This project uses [Yarn][1] as a package manager, and task runner.

## Usage

To get you started:

```
$ npm install -g yarn
$ yarn install
$ yarn run serve
```

For building:

```
$ yarn run build
$ # Or for production...
$ yarn run build:prod
```

For development:

```
$ yarn run serve
$ # Or to serve production...
$ yarn run serve:prod
$ # Or to build only on watch...
$ yarn run watch
$ # Or to watch production...
$ yarn run watch:prod
```

For unit testing:

```
$ yarn run test
$ # Or to watch...
$ yarn run test:watch
```

For e2e testing:

```
$ yarn run serve
$ # Elsewhere...
$ yarn run e2e
```

You can see all of the tasks listed in the `package.json` file in this repository.

## Todo List

This is still a bit of a work in progress. The current focus has been on developer experience with
getting Angular 2 up and running, and making sure that usual things like using CSS or SCSS work in a
sensible and consistent manner. Here is the current todo list in priority order:

* Support for CDNs (this may result in some kind of configuration file).

## License

MIT

## Contributing

Feel free to open a [pull request][2], or file an [issue][3] on Github. I always welcome 
contributions as long as they're for the benefit of all (potential) users of this image.

If you're unsure about anything, feel free to ask about it in an issue before you get your heart set 
on fixing it yourself.

[1]: https://yarnpkg.com/
[2]: https://github.com/SeerUK/ng2-boilerplate/pulls
[3]: https://github.com/SeerUK/ng2-boilerplate/issues
